Dear Dr. Shafter,

Below you will find our response to the referee's most recent report.
We list the issues raised in the report, denoted by REF with the
referee's text in quotes for clarity, and how we addressed them in
our revised manuscript, denoted by REPLY. All edits in the manuscript
were made in bold text for clarity. We found the referee's comments and
suggestions helpful and please pass our thanks onto the referee for their
careful reading of our manuscript. We look forward to hearing back from
you regarding this submission.

Sincerely,

David Fleming, Rory Barnes, Jim Davenport, and Rodrigo Luger

Responses to the referee report
-------------------------------

REF: "1) In 4.1.1, in the text k2\tau should be log(k2\tau)."

REPLY: Thank you for catching this error. We have corrected it in the revised manuscript.

REF:"2) For the example system, although it is not mandatory, it would be interesting
to see what part of the angular momentum is in the orbit and what part is in the
spin of each component as a function of time. This would allow the reader to
see the transfer of angular momentum operating."

REPLY: We have looked into this point and
found that the orbital angular momentum varies by roughly
1% during the initial transfer as the binary tidal locks. After
tidal locking, the binary circularizes and the orbit shrinks at
nearly constant orbital angular momentum. Furthermore, since we
neglect the impact of stellar evolution on the angular momentum
budget in this example case, the 3 evolving quantities we depict,
Porb, eccentricty, and Prot, completely specify the system's
angular momentum budget and illustrates the transfer between
the stellar rotations and binary orbit. Thus, we have elected
not to include a new panel in this figure, but have noted in the
text that the orbital angular momentum changes by ~1%.

REF: "3) The indicated value of Porb in fig 4 is, I guess, the initial orbital
period Porb,ini. It would be nice to precise it in the text or description of
the figure. As a side, it may be interesting to answer this question : Is the
evolution of Porb important in this case ? And if not, just mentioning it maybe.
The right panel of fig 4 done for Porb would be interesting at least in relation
with Point 2) above."

REPLY: We have updated the caption of Figure 4 to note that the orbital period
displayed in the figure legend is the initial orbital period. In the case of
the strongest tidally-interacting binary (CPL model, Porb_init = 5 d) we find
that the orbital period varies by a few percent, mostly driven by the initial
orbital expansion arising from the transfer of rotational angular momentum into
the orbit during spin-orbit synchronization. In all other binaries, this effect
is negligible, and only the long-term orbital decay via tidal friction described
in the text operates. In the figure caption, we noted that the binary orbital
periods do not vary significantly with the following text: "The legend denotes
the initial binary orbital period and we note that the orbital periods do not vary
by more than a few percent over the course of the simulations.".

REF: "4) In sect. 4.2 : "The population of supersynchronous rotators
(blue regions in Fig. 5, Prot80d does not in general correspond to binaries
tidally-locking into supersynchronous rotation, but rather, typically arises
from the combination of weak tidal torques and magnetic braking not spinning down
stars enough for Prot to be close to the tidally-locked state."
- The super synchronous rotation happens for Porb > 60d in the new version.
- This paragraph repeats what is said in the caption of figure 5 (also, same
correction for Porb>80d => Porb>60d). I'd advise the authors to only leave that
sentence in the main text an remove the caption one.
- If Porb is taken at the age of the end of the simulation (which is what I
assume the authors chose), is the value of super synchronicity dependent on the
initial Porb that is given to the system ?"

REPLY: Thank for identifying that error - we have corrected the Prot limit in
the text and removed redundant figure caption. Yes, the magnitude of the
supersynchronous state will depend on the initial Porb, with longer Porb binaries
experiencing weaker tidal torques and hence likely experiencing more supersynchrnous
rotation at a given age. We added an additional sentence in Section 4.2 to note
this effect: "At a given age, longer Porb binaries will tend to rotate faster as they
experience weaker tidal torques, and hence require longer to spin down towards
the tidally locked state.".

REF: "5) Fig 6-7 :
- Need for a proper description in the text, as I already mentioned,
these are complex figures that require at least a little description.
- Also, what is the density of point in each region of the diagram ?
(a median with 3 points is different than a median with 10000). I'd suggest
to play with the contrast (more data points = higher contrast)
- Maybe decrease the size of the label (the inside of the figure is great now).
- Since the errors are not present anymore, there's no need to speak about the constraints in the caption of the figure.
- Finally, Fig 7 is not mentioned anymore in the text, the authors may want to correct that."

REPLY: Throughout the 2nd half of Section 4.2, we have expanded our description
of Figs. 6 and 7 to discuss the physical motivation and implications from the
Figures. We denoted these changes in bold text. Ignoring empty bins produced by
the physics and assumptions of our model, we find a median point density of 84
and 103 for the CPL and CTL models in Figs 6 and 7, respectively, which we
believe is sufficient for our calculations. We wish to keep the axis label
font size and to maintain the current figure contrast values to ensure that the
colors and labels in each bin are easy to read. We explored scaling the contrast
in each bin and found that in some cases, it was difficult to read the bin color given our
choice of a perceptually-uniform colormap. We removed the unnecessary text
in Figure 6's caption and added appropriate references to Figure 7 in Section
4.2. We thank you for pointing out this omission.

REF: "6) Can the authors check that fig 11 is made with the same data as fig 9 and 10 ?
In figure 11, the stars tend to be more tidally locked with the CTL model than
with the CPL model. This seems to be in contradiction with fig 9 and 10. If not,
it's alright."

REPLY: We confirmed that Figures 9, 10, and 11 are all generated using the same
data. The discrepancy arises from normalization of the histogram in Figure 11:
since the CTL model predicts fewer tidally-locked binaries at longer Prot, most
of the density of the locked CTL distribution is concentrated at shorter Prot.
The CPL distribution is broader and hence the density is more spread out.
Overall, the CPL model predicts more tidally-locked binaries than the CTL model
as seen in Figs. 9 and 10 and as noted by the reviewer, so even though the
density of locked systems is larger at small Prot for the CTL model, the CPL
model actually predicts a larger number of locked systems at short Prot. We
confirmed this behavior by plotting the unnormalized version of Figure 11 to
examine the counts of locked/interacting binaries as predicted by both models
and found that the CPL model does in fact predict more tidally-locked binaries
at short Prot than the CTL model. We added the following at the end of Section 4.3
in the revised manuscript to clarify this point:

The CTL model predicts fewer tidally-locked binaries at longer Prot,
concentrating most of the locked CTL distribution's density at short Prot,
whereas the CPL distribution has a heavy tail extending towards longer Prot.
The CPL model, however, predicts larger tidal-locking rates than the CTL model
as seen in the enhanced numbers of tidally-locked binaries at low Prot
Fig. 9 compared with Fig. 10.
